XDRC RN (#2477)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **download** would not run `isort`. @maxgubler
* Fixed an issue where XSIAM Dashboards and Reports images failed the build.
* Added support for **xpanse** marketplace to content graph.

> * Fixed an issue where **update-release-notes** not generated release notes for **XDRC Templates**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **update-release-notes** did not generate release notes for **XDRC Templates**.
```
